Improve changefeed resolved message description (#17120)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/changefeed-messages.md

- Rows are sharded between Kafka partitions by the row’s [primary key](primary-key.html). To define another key to determine the partition for your messages, use the [`key_column`](create-changefeed.html#key-column) option.

> - The `UPDATED` option adds an "updated" timestamp to each emitted row. You can also use the [`RESOLVED` option](create-changefeed.html#resolved-option) to emit "resolved" timestamp messages to each Kafka partition. A "resolved" timestamp is a guarantee that no (previously unseen) rows with a lower update timestamp will be emitted on that partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `UPDATED` option adds an "updated" timestamp to each emitted row. You can also use the [`RESOLVED` option](create-changefeed.html#resolved-option) to emit a "resolved" timestamp message to each Kafka partition. A "resolved" timestamp guarantees that no (previously-unseen) rows with a lower update timestamp will be emitted on that partition.
```

Author: Updated as per change, except for hyphen — not needed on adverbs (ending in -ly) + participles
